# Chapter 6 : Requirements Capture
### 6.2 I User Requirements

### 6.3
- ?
- ?
- 6.3.3 Observation
- 6.3.4 Document sampling
- 6.3.5 Questionnaires
	- designing it is difficult.
	- alternative to interview. suitable for a large group of people.
- 6.3.6 Remembering the techniques
	- SQIRO—Sampling, Questionnaires, Interviewing, Reading (or Research) and Observation.
- 6.3.7 Other techniques

### 6.5 Documenting requirements
- ( . . . )
	- We are using UML to produce models of the system from different perspectives.
	- Computer Aided Software Engineering (CASE) tools are normally used to draw the diagrammatic models and to maintain in a repository the associated data about the various things that are shown in the diagrams
### 6.6 Use Cases
Figure 6.4 Example use case diagram. `pg. 157`;
if we have use case diagram before prototyping it's became easier.

- 6.6.1 Purpose
- 6.6.2 Notation
	- How do we make the use case.
		- Figure 6.4 Example use case diagram.
		- actor
		- use case
		- system boundary.
	- dependency
- ?
- 6.6.4 CASE tool support
- 6.6.5 Business modelling with use case diagrams
	- I can represent whole business model with use case diagram.
	- **Figure 6.15** : Activity diagram for Requirements capture and modelling.
- 6.7 Requirements Capture and Modelling


# Chapter 7 : Requirement analysis.

### 7.2 (...) Model Do?
requirement model must describe a software functionality.
people how interact with resource.
idea about software design.
we use class diagram to describe software structure.

### 7.3 I Use Case Realization
- 7.3.1 From use case to collaboration and class diagrams
	-  Figure 7.2 Collaboration for Add a new advert to a campaign
		- Collaboration
			- collaboration icon
		- Figure 7.4 Collaboration diagram for Add a new advert to a campaign. <<< সুস্থ থাকতে চাইলে avoid.
	- 7.3.2 Analysis class stereotypes
		- boundary class.
		- entity class: core matters 
		- control class: co-ordination, sequence 
### 7.4 I The class Diagram
- 7.4.1 Relative stability of classes and instances
	- classes are stable. class diagram has attributes. link, is a logical connection.
	- association : probable link between classes.
- 7.4.3 Attributes and state
	- value in attributes are called states.
- 7.4.4 Link and association
	- link, is a logical connection.
	- probable link between classes.
	- *association* has name (also an optional arrow), *link* doesn't.
-  7.4.5 Significance of associations
- 7.4.6 Associations and state
- 7.4.7 Multiplicity
	- how many objects are connected to association.
	- class shared behavior is operation.
	- attributes links, operations function.
- 7.4.8 Operations
### 7.5 I. Drawing a Class Diagram
use case diagram - actor + operation || collaboration diagram - actor + ... || class diagram - doesn't show actor.
Figure 7.25 Near-final collaboration diagram for Assign staff to work on a campaign. `pg. 203`
- 7.5.3 Other approaches to finding objects and classes
	- domain model : represent real data , actual data.

# HW
`pg. 166` : Case Study Example
`pg. 168`: Review Questions